Privacy Policy
Last updated: 07/03/2024

Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari built the NearByes app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at NearByes unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Email adress, Instagram account username.
NearByes does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. We collect your location data when you use NearByes. We reserve the right to delete user accounts without any condition or justification.

Use of Information

We use your information for:

Providing and improving our services
Communicating with you
Analyzing usage patterns
Enhancing location-based features.

You are aware that your information may be visible to other users of NearByes, and they are solely responsible for the content they share.
You understand that we do not guarantee the accuracy of the information provided by other users, including account details and locations data.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by NearByes

Google Play Services
Google Maps API
Firebase
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics

I inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in NearByes I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of NearByes when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, NearByes may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

- To facilitate our Service;
- To provide the Service on our behalf;
- To perform Service-related services;
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
- Or any other reasons useful for NearByes.
- I want to inform you of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.

Transfer of Data 

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Disclosure of Data 

Legal Requirements
Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of users of NearByes

We do not assume any responsibility for the use of personal information by other users, including but not limited to Instagram username accounts, and location data.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari is not responsible if anyone under the age of 13 create an account on NearByes.

Disclaimer for Using Instagram

NearByes is not affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Instagram. We are using Instagram’s trademarks with their permission or in a descriptive manner, as allowed by their brand guidelines. We are not infringing on Instagram’s intellectual property rights or misrepresenting our relationship with them. We are not liable for any damages or losses arising from your use of Instagram’s trademarks or services. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding this disclaimer.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at contact@nearbyes.com.
