Terms & Conditions
Welcome to NearByes! These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for using our app or services. By creating an account on NearByes or using NearByes, you agree to comply with these terms. If you disagree with any part of these terms, please refrain from using our services. 

Intellectual Property
The content on our app, including text, images, logos, and trademarks, is protected by intellectual property laws. You may not use, reproduce, or distribute our content without our explicit permission. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari.
Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The NearByes app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the NearByes app won’t work properly or at all.

The app does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
Google Maps API
Firebase
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
You should be aware that there are certain things that Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider, but Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that the terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third-party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.

Along the same lines, Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

Safety and Respecting the Rights of Others 
You are solely responsible for your use of the Services and any content that you post, send or store through the Services. You agree not to upload, post, send, comment on or store content that:
- violates or infringes any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;
- promotes an illegal activity or that impersonates any other person or entity, including NearByes;is bullying, harassing, abusive, threatening, vulgar, obscene, or offensive, or that contains pornography, nudity, or graphic or gratuitous violence, or that promotes violence, racism, discrimination, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
- is harmful to minors in any way or targeted at persons under the age of 13 (or such other age as determined by us at our sole discretion, taking into account factors such as the jurisdiction in which you are a resident);
- spams or solicits NearByes users to purchase anything;requests any form of identification or illegal content from NearByes users;
- or interferes with the positive experience of other users of the Nearby Platform, in NearByes’s discretion.

You agree not to use the Services to:
- upload or distribute any computer viruses, worms, malicious code, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data;
- collect information or data regarding other users, including email addresses or usernames, without their consent (e.g. using harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers);disable, overly burden, impair, or otherwise interfere with servers or networks connected to the Services (e.g. a denial of service attack);
- attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services (e.g. through password mining);
- or interfere with another user’s use and enjoyment of the Services.

Use of Your Username and Profile Picture 
By using the Services, you grant Nearby the permission to use your username and profile picture for accounts.

Privacy
Our privacy policy outlines how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. By using our services, you consent to our privacy practices.

Governing Law
These terms are governed by the laws of Morocco. Any disputes will be resolved in the appropriate courts within this jurisdiction.

Changes to This Terms and Conditions

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page and update the effective date.

These Terms of Use are concluded between you and Najib Belkhayat Zoukkari, and not with Apple Inc. (“Apple”). By using our NearByes social network application, you agree to these terms of use and any updates to them. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.

Disclaimer for Using Instagram

This app is not affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Instagram. We are using Instagram’s trademarks with their permission or in a descriptive manner, as allowed by their brand guidelines. We are not infringing on Instagram’s intellectual property rights or misrepresenting our relationship with them. We are not liable for any damages or losses arising from your use of Instagram’s trademarks or services. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding this disclaimer.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at contact@nearbyes.com.
